monitoring, observability and alerting documentation (#17)
bratislava/bratislava.github.io: docs/deployment-and-infrastructure/grafana.md

Currently, we use this to monitor and observe our kubernetes infrastructure, together with some critical application. For example, we are monitoring hardware resources for all our nodes and pods and when they reach critical usage >=95%, we alert on it. 

## Dashboards

If you have access to Grafana you can take look at our dashboards, that provide more information about the state of infrastructure and individual application together with their logs.

### Pod Dashboard

[Pod Dashboard](https://grafana.bratislava.sk/d/liz0yRCZz/pod-dashboard?orgId=1) is a application dashboard where you can see  _logs_ of applications together with their _volume_ and _system_ statistics.

Dashboard is driven by filters that can go up to container granularity.

  - You can search through the **logs** with `regex` pattern. Log volume is color coded base on the stream it was emitted to (<font color="#adadad">stdout</font>/<font color="#ce0000">stderr</font>).
  - It also provides current **running status** of all associated _containers_
  - Application **system statics**, such as, memory, CPU, network and disk ([PVC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/)) usage

>   - At the bottom of the dashboard with have **alerting panel** when you can see all alerting rules associated with your filter selection together with their [state](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/fundamentals/state-and-health/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - At the bottom of the dashboard we have **alerting panel** were you can see all alerting rules associated with your filter selection together with their [state](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/fundamentals/state-and-health/)
```
